fix(types)(middleware/devtools): avoid copying types (#1991)
pmndrs/zustand: docs/recipes/recipes.mdx

unlike in a typical _combined reducers_ Redux store.
See an approach to combining stores [here](https://github.com/pmndrs/zustand/issues/163).

#### Use it with TypeScript

> It's recommended to install and import types from `@redux-devtools/extension` to get types correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's recommended to install and import `@redux-devtools/extension` to get correct types.
```
